today we are making cucumber kimchi what
you're gonna need is cucumbers chives
carrots and onion ginger four cloves of
garlic chili pepper powder fish sauce
young salt sugar and sesame seeds let's
begin first wash the cucumbers
cut the cucumbers into thirds make sure
you leave about a centimeter of space at
the end of the cucumber we want to make
something like a cucumber pocket and
then we want to take the cucumbers and
cover them in salt we want to use about
two tablespoons of salt to cover the
cucumber's once you salt the cucumber's
put them in a glass container or any
container of that matter and cover with
plastic wrap like so
now take the chives the carrot the onion
the garlic and the ginger wash the
chives and we want one cup of chives
cut the chives into centimeter now let's
fill that cup next we want to peel the
skin of the carrot and then we want to
cut the carrot two small pieces we're
going to blend this later take it to the
blender blend the carrot about two
seconds should be fine add that too
next we want to cut our garlic just
roughly cut the garlic just small pieces
chop chop chop and let's add that to the
milk as well then we want to take the
ginger and peel it make sure you get all
the skin off
and let's put that in the blender again
and blend away next take the onion and
chop it small pieces will also warm it
so we want to take half a cup of the
chili pepper powder and add it to the
mix doesn't that look spicy we will say
1 tablespoon of sugar and 1 tablespoon
of sesame seeds and add that as well
next the best part fish sauce we want 3
tablespoons of fish sauce and lastly we
want 1 cup of water
so mix this all together and you get
something very very lovely oh it smells
great
ok so we take the cucumbers that have
been sitting and drain the water the
cucumbers and the salt should leave
about half a cup of water or so we want
to stuff the cucumbers using our spicy
mix so fill those pockets
and put them on the side don't be afraid
to get your hands dirty just don't touch
your eyes after and that is it cucumber
kimchi enjoy